# Introduction

Stuff that was removed. Why? idk, reasons

# Orgasms (female)

There are some techniques for achieving squirting orgasms, whatever are the success rates for your partner to reach such an orgasm, the following technique is still quite powerful and worth learning. As we discussed before, some females tend to neglect the importance of self-acceptance and during squirting the side effect of being insecure can be magnified to a large extent since she can expect ejaculating large amount of fluids. The preparation process should consist of you to mentally prepare your partner and making sure your partner is in a relaxed state. After your partner has achieved a relaxed state, you can start preparing for the actual stimulation, you should consider using gloves for the stimulation since there is a chance of causing injury with your nails and it is more pleasant for your partner if you wear gloves. The technique depends on the "come hither motion" which can be described as pulling two fingers towards yourself ([example](orgasms_female_comehither.jpg)). To start the stimulation, you should insert two fingers into the vagina and start to execute the "come hither motion" and pulling the fingers towards you with quite a lot force (don't worry, the urethra can withstand this). This motion usually hits the "G-spot", which is located on the front side of the female's urethra, you should simply ask your partner to tell where it feels the most pleasurable so you can focus more on that area, but do note that this motion is very exhausting and you will not be able to do it for a very long time. Alternative is to use your middle and your ring finger for the stimulation ([example](orgasms_female_rocker.jpg)), laying your partner flat and placing your own body above her's (imagine you wanted look her into eyes right above while you are standing on her side), but rather than pulling your fingers towards yourself, you start pulling your whole shoulder back. This alternative motion will seem very brutal, but remember that the vagina is capable of giving birth and you will immediately find out that your partner experiences very intense stimulation (you should be able to rock her whole body with just your arm and fingers) that can result into squirting. This method is simple, brutal and fast, though it has a few shortcomings, more on that later. When your partner has reached an orgasm, slowly remove your fingers and place your palm over the vagina and caress her (sometimes called "grounding"). Consider watching a tutorial by searching "G Spot and Squirting 101 with Kenneth Play & Riley Reyes (Sex Hack how To)".

Even though we mentioned that you must mentally prepare your partner and she must be sexually aroused, though not a lot of information about how to do it was given, here we will discuss how we can make sure your partner is mentally and physically prepared for such intense orgasms as you would associate with squirting. This process is long and can take weeks to prepare, though the process can be shortened over time by a lot. We first should make sure your partner has a high self-esteem and this is crucial since we discussed the issue of female's sexuality above, we should look for a good sense of humor in your partner and this can easily be linked to mutual trust, you can only imagine the shameful thoughts your partner can have when she sees "the mess" she made because of squirting, it is a lot better if she can laugh about it rather than worry about it, do note that chronic stress can be a major setback from achieving squirting orgasms and such problems is way out of the scope for this guide, but they must be fixed before in order to have the highest chance of success. Hopefully you explained your partner that kegel exercises are very important and you thought her everything from chapter [PC muscle](#PC_muscle), it is very important for these muscles to be strong for this method to work. The next thing you need to pay a huge attention is to massage tension spots, without releasing tension in muscles you will not get her to relax and breath properly and therefore reduce the chances of success in squirting (this method relies mostly that all muscles are relaxed), one indicator of too much tension is when you insert an object into their vagina and they squeeze their muscles and stop breathing for a while, they will require quite a lot of massage sessions to overcome this tension. To increase the chances of this method you probably want to take massaging courses, here we can go through some quick key points you need to focus on. For a pleasant massage you should be using a massage oil and you should pick an oil that can be used in the vagina as well, one such oil is grape seed oil, use the oil all over the body (you should ask your partner whether her skin can tolerate certain oils or not, some people can easily develop acne). After you gave "oiled" up the body, you should spend a LOT of time on tension spots, you can find some common tension spots [here](orgasms_female_tensionspots.jpg), but they can be anywhere and you should look for them, they will feel like a grain of rice and after massaging them for a while they should go away. Some other tension spots you can try are right above the nipples of woman's breasts, sometimes more tension spots are around the breasts as well. A few common tension spots are around the collar bone and around the rib cage, you can remove some tension with a "pinch-like" finger placement around the bones and asking your partner to breath deeply, on exhale you should be able to get deeper into the muscles. Another tension spot is under the shoulder blade and it can be accessed when hand is placed behind the back and then using "pinch-like" finger placement around the shoulder blade (you need to get under the shoulder blade). One interesting tension spot is right on the butt cheeks, you should ask your partner to locate them for you, they should feel to her ticklish, you can use quite a lot of force in circular motions to remove tension from this area. One very special area is right above the pubic bone above the vagina, you can find sort of a "V" shape where the pubic bone ends, this is a quite sensitive spot, but can contain tension, you don't want to use a lot of force here. Another interesting tension spot is located between the legs and between the vagina, you can remove the tension here as well. If you do these massages frequently, you shouldn't need to spend a lot of time to remove these tension spots, but you should give a massage each time you want to preform this method for achieving the squirting orgasms, you should need less and less time each next time you massage her, massages are also great to start the blood to flow more. The method itself is the same as described above, you place your fingers inside the vagina forming the "rocker" sign ([example](orgasms_female_rocker.jpg)), you pull in your fingers slightly and start rocking her in upward/downward motion, again it will look brutal, but she will find it very pleasurable (and if she finds it unpleasant, she will tell you). When you start to feel her vagina expanding from the inside (like a ballon imploded), then she is about to orgasm and you can consider removing your fingers from vagina. The trick here is to immediately place your hand on the clitoris using just few fingers and let it sit there, most women will tell you to stop stimulating the clitoris at this point because they will find it overwhelming, but by just placing the fingers on the clitoris you are less likely to overwhelm her. If you are successful, you will notice that she starts ejaculating while going through full body spasms due to orgasms, let her calm down, caress her, compliment her and let her know she does not need to worry about anything. After she has calmed down from the orgasmic state, she should probably intake some water. During the whole experience you should remind her to breath deeply to relax. If you are interested in making your partner squirt (or at least orgasm intensely), then consider looking up "Training Women to Have Multiple, Whole-Body Ejaculatory (Squirting) Orgasms (Squirting) Orgasms By Stephane Hemon".
